High in this video of a little fun challenge for you.
You remember in the last video we looked at salted and how we can use salted salt a little salt any
iterable.
Well what I'd like you to try and do is to randomize a list or in any iterable for that matter.
Also using the sorted function but instead of actually solving the thing I would like it to be randomized.
So I'll give you a hint.
You're going to have to import the random library.
So we'll import random.
And then in the random There is another function called random.
So we can do it on random random and basically it's going to return a random number between 0 and 1
not including 1.
So if we call random dart random a few times we'll get different values on this.
We execute that we execute.
You can see we're getting different values.
So now using what we learned in the previous section and using this right a piece of code that will
randomize or if you want to think of shuffling right there will shuffle a list.
Let's say the list is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.
That's good enough.
And then ok whatever it doesn't matter it can be any list.
So you should be able to produce that using a single line of code.
So why don't you pause the video and tried up for yourself.
First.
All right.
Hopefully you manage to do it.
It's pretty straightforward right.
Because remember how the sorted function works.
It's going to sort whatever iterable is if you want and you can specify the key.
Now what can we make with key in this case.
Well we can make the key a random number and if we make the key a random number right.
That means that we're going to essentially all do that list randomly.
So what are we going to do.
Well we're going to specify Alamdar and the land is going to take the element in the list but we're
not going to worry about where the element is.
So now we still have to provide that as a parameter because we still have to take that in.
Right.
The key is going to apply the function and pass it the element.
But instead of using the element itself we're just going to call random random and so that will then
get evaluated every time this function is applied and we're going to end up with a randomized list.
So there you go.
Now as you can see that's the thing we have here.
We can run it again different right.
Different sort.
So that's kind of fun.
On using the sort of method to actually create something that's randomized.
Anyway thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.